Deprecate type='tuples for chatbot and focus chatbot docs on 'messages' type (#9194)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/05_chatbots/01_creating-a-chatbot-fast.md

## Defining a chat function

When working with `gr.ChatInterface()`, the first thing you should do is define your chat function. Your chat function should take two arguments: `message` and `history` (the arguments can be named anything, but must be in this order).

- `message`: a `str` representing the user's input.

> - `history`: If you set type="messages" in gr.ChatInterface, the history will be a list of dictionaries with `role` and `content` keys. Please see the chatbot [docs](/docs/gradio/chatbot) for an in-depth explanation of the chatbot format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `history`: If you set `type="messages"` in gr.ChatInterface, the history will be a list of dictionaries with `role` and `content` keys. Please see the chatbot [docs](/docs/gradio/chatbot) for an in-depth explanation of the chatbot format. 
```

Here is an example value of the `history`:

```python
[
    {"role": "user", "content": "What is the capital of France"},

>     {"role": "assistant", "content": "France"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {"role": "assistant", "content": "Paris"}
```

Author: Can you tell I was tired? LOL

]
```

Your function should return a single string response, which is the bot's response to the particular user input `message`. Your function can take into account the `history` of messages, as well as the current message.

> Tip: It's strongly recommended to set type="messages" in gr.ChatInterface. Setting type="tuples" is deprecated and will be removed in the next version of Gradio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tip: It's strongly recommended to set type="messages" in gr.ChatInterface. Setting type="tuples" is deprecated and will be removed in a future version of Gradio.
```
